hey good morning everyone it's Jennifer
here and I am so excited to share with
you my goal this is my goal for the
summer of these abs she's probably like
18 years old I think I can do it I
definitely think I can do this so I'm
gonna be this morning if i'm going to
create the smoothie for you that is full
of fiber and it's going to help create
some apps for me I don't have that too
far to go maybe with some really
hardcore workouts at all my yoga time
doing I'm hoping to achieve that so what
we just want to make this really yummy
breakfast smoothie because it's about
200 room I would say 40 calories so it's
definitely a meal replacement so we're
going to do is we're going to start off
with one whole orange now sales right
goodness on the orange this is full of
pectin and I can't remember the name of
the white stuff it's the barrier between
the peel and actual orange but it's
really really really good for you i'm
going to put some information about that
on my blog I get Steve the Jenny so I'm
just peel the orange obviously take the
peel off till it warms up a little bit
so it's easier to break down in your
blender i'm using the ninja the other
vitamix which i do have I use it for
other stuff seems to I like this with us
it's not as loud as the Vitamix during
the videos and so put the orange into
there and then I want to put one scoop
of our lean protein now this is optional
I want to put more protein into this or
so
so I want to add 14 so what is good for
the protein is nice way for calories in
here no adage here now i'm going to use
I don't have original and almond milk on
me today I'm going to be sanela but you
have original battle probably I do just
as good just do our one for the cup and
one-fourth cup of oats and I'm going to
add a little bit of water I want my
smoothie to be a little more watery okay
that is it Oh in my little thing I see
ya I like your BF you can use honey if
you like I'm trying to reduce the
calories in this so I'm just going to
use stevia but this is completely
optional and I'm just doing it just for
fun of it so let's get this baby whipped
up and we start our morning off right
they really yummy smoothie breakfast now
you guys you know that breakfast is
really really important cheap for you
and you're trying to lose weight you
need breakfast do not skip your morning
meal so listen oh I don't also to use a
frozen banana and by the way do not
freeze banana with the skin on it oh my
lord it took me forever actually slice
off the banana peel so don't freeze your
bananas the skin on it okay let's glue
this vid yet
this purpose of the video my blood one
more maybe I look a little bit more than
that but at home you can blend it as
much as you want I don't mind a little
bit of chunky things in my smoothie that
doesn't bother me at all some people
like it completely smooth to just let it
run a little bit more oops oh and I have
a fun little festive friday cup
obviously this is used for alcoholic
beverages but i thought i'd be fun to I
drink out something fun this morning
since it's Friday this looks really
really I mean now you don't need to put
the water in it I do just because I like
a little bit more a little bit wat
watering you're really gonna like this
one absolutely yummy and yeah it does
kinds of things that go with a little
bit of owning this to it is that work
all right guys cheers happy friday and
have a fantastic weekend do something
outside it's going to be gorgeous i know
a lot of you are having crazy weather
snow and colorado or the flooding but
you know what create a paradise or a
little island in your living room with
your family put some fun music on Jimmy
Buffett or whatever but have fun with it
and create a happiness out in your own
right create some happiness within your
home that's what I was trying to say all
right Cheers size five